So I know throughout this video series
that you've been watching if you occasionally
got a glimpse of the ask it pony,
I'm sure you're thinking how on earth
do I get that on my own machine?
You've come to the secret bonus video
that was probably just linked in the list.
So on my mac I did brew instal pony say
and I got a programme called pony say.
And pony say stuff,
so pony say hello people.
And I mean it's a turtle but you know we're getting there.
Depending on the font you use,
depending on the terminal you use,
and it'll look slightly different.
But maybe this is what you want
to welcome you every single time.
I'm pretty sure there is pony say help.
I can list all of the ponies.
Somewhere -l I think.
Yeah, list.
So let's list them all,
and let's do,
pinkie.
That's good enough for me.
So pony say -f pinkie hello.
There you go.
And most machines will come with a programme called fortune.
And this will just print out
like a fortune cookie kind of thing.
And you can pipe that to pony say - oh,
pony say -f pinkie.
And pinkie by, I think's her name will give you the fortune.
And even better than that, you make that
part of your start up shell, start up file.
So if you use z shell that'll be z shell rc.
Shell rc.
Or bash rc, or whatever,
whatever shell you're using rc
and it runs that entire file as it boots up.
And mine's got lots of bits in it, a few aliases
that I've kind of accidentally put in there.
But here right towards the bottom,
I have this command so let's just bump the font up for you.
So hash pony say kind of a weird command and pony say -o.
And what this does is that every time
I bring up a new terminal it
will run firstly this hash part.
Hash pony say redirect to dev null
means if it exists then run this programme.
I copied it from somewhere else,
I can't remember where but it definitely works.
And if you know it's gonna be installed
than you don't need that part.
o means no, it's quiet.
But I could easily change this to pony say cause
and fortune, fortune pipe pony say, oops.
And I'm just gonna save that, open up a new tab,
and there you go.
There is the fortune told to me as per a pony.
There's also a whole bunch of other ones like cow say.
Cow say is a very popular one,
if you read the book cow say was the,
oops I need to give it something.
Okay, hi,
hey.
That's the aski art.
There's a whole bunch of cow say
different, cows?
Nope.
Somewhere is usage.
I think maybe I've broken my version of cow say.
I'd have to reinstall it.
Oh here we go.
Surgery telebears three eyes.
Cow say -f three eyes.
Echo hey.
Yep there you go, there's a cow with three eyes
so you can put that command in your rc file
and be greated by it
every time you bring up a new tab.
Me, I like my pony.
And it's colourful.
It basically brightens up a rather dull looking screen,
which is what I like.